NAMESPACE     NAME                                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
kube-system   aws-node-7mq9r                       1/1     Running   0          42m
kube-system   aws-node-ct98k                       1/1     Running   0          6m13s
kube-system   cluster-autoscaler-d8cc67649-zhfkc   1/1     Running   0          12m
kube-system   coredns-f47955f89-9mmbh              1/1     Running   0          36m
kube-system   coredns-f47955f89-ncv2r              1/1     Running   0          36m
kube-system   kube-proxy-26kns                     1/1     Running   0          42m
kube-system   kube-proxy-jrdh4                     1/1     Running   0          6m13s
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-4tdwg     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-4vptl     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-5g67b     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-6qt49     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-76zgd     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-7ltqc     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-87fmh     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-8p85b     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-d4qmf     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-fxdcf     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-g8sqt     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-hgb4m     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-htvmk     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-jrq8k     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-k8p6b     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-lrz94     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-nhb4g     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-nj7wd     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-pwt7f     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-rvsmz     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-s2cl8     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-smmpf     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-tl8gb     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-vx6wk     1/1     Running   0          7m
udacity       services-galore-7c8fcbffdf-wp74j     1/1     Running   0          7m
